---
title:  "What UtopianView is about..."
categories: info
---
Hi there! Today, we want to share with you a vision of a world may not exist today, but there is a lot of work going on allowing for make it possible. Such vision has its origins on a line of thought we decided to name as the **Utopian philosophy**. Such philosophy has its origins in the believe it's possible building companies aiming for impacting people's lives instead of just making money.
 
In the world we live in today is normal for us seeing that companies don't care too much about people. They care more about hitting their targets and making money. This situation becomes clear when we listen ordinary conversations among executives. They usually seem to be more concerned for making their companies profitable than to be concerned for impacting people's lives. So, when their companies are not performing as expected, their employees are first on suffering the consequences—in most scenarios, employees are oppressed in order to "get more out of them" or they just get fired. Consequently, toxic work environments are created, which leads to  unfulfilled employees. These problems, are just some of the problems may arise in companies where the principal concern is money. We believe such problems can be solved by putting people before money. However, first we have to be able to build companies impacting people's live.

In order to better explain what we mean with *impacting people's lives*, we would like to look at the *car metaphor* from Simon Sinek. He states we buy cars in order to get somewhere. It happens to get somewhere we need fuel. So, fuel is important. However, *"the purpose of car is not to buy fuel...Fuel just helps you to get there"*. Similarly, companies can be seem as cars and money as fuel. Consequently, you build a company in order to get somewhere, to advance a greater cause, to contribute to sociey, *i.e.*, to impact people's lives. You don't build a company just to make money. Money just helps you get there. 

Accordingly with the stated above, the **Utopian philosophy** is based on *a world where companies and start-ups are built as mean for impacting people's lives. A world where every company has a greater cause they want to achieve. They may not even get there in a lifetime, but their hope is to left the world in better form than they found it.* We decide to create UtopianView as mean for building such vision of the world. Our aim is gathering common practices allowing for creating Utopian companies—*i.e.*, companies who believe what we believe. We'll analyze different works and authors which clearly have an *utopian view* of the world. They may be called crazies for the things they state, but we deeply know they stand for something greater than themselves. As a result, we hope to shed some lights in the path of building *Utopian companies*.

Some of the authors we follow are: Simon Sinek, Adam Grant, Eric Ries, Robert Quinn, Wayne Dyer, and Tom Bilyeu. we'll continue adding authors to this list as we consider necessary.
